Hello, freak bitches.
This is an interesting fight coming up for you to be fighting TJ after training
with him for so long and all the bad blood that you guys have at TJ leave and
the team and going to train with Dwayne, not.
So much about the team. That's, there's a lot of confusion about what, what,
what went down and it's it's well, let's lay it out for people.
Because TJ trained with you guys for a long time. Here's.
If I send you a text, I'll say you,
the four minute video of him explaining exactly what happened,
which is it isn't that you don't have to do that,
but you tell me from your point of view.
So TJ left the team like said, Hey, look,
I first off it was, it was a.
It lived on the ultimate fighter with Kotter. He came in from that,
cause he was there and that was when we were defending them.
That's why I'm kinda like took it to cause he like, I'm all about loyalty.
And like, we don't.
Do that. And I never really liked Dwayne, especially the way he left.
Cause he was a strange guy and like, it was always about money and weird things,
et cetera, et cetera, he left. And that was like, fine. That was his deal.
TJ was going to try to have him come back and train at our gym for his fight and
Duane refused to do it. And I had a talk with TJ and he's like, it was crying.
And like, you know, that,
that Dwayne just wanted to focus on his own gym and this and that.
And he's like, you know, whatever. And so he's like,
I'm going to spend some time there and spend some time here, et cetera.
Like that's fine. So TJ, when he got there,
got some exposure for muscle farm and muscle farm.
They help people out here. Duane,
Ludwig's a former kickboxing champion who was an MMA fighter who fought the UFC
and then went on to be a coach.
For a year, for a year. Three of those.
Seconds. No, no, no. He coaches now a lie, right? It was his own jam.
But for you guys, he was your striking coach for a little.
Bit, for a year and three months. And he worked with.
A bunch of your fighters and he had a very special relationship with TJ. Right.
Then he moved out to Denver and he moved out to Denver to fight his out,
to start his own thing. And then muscle farm, which has a big gym in Denver.
They invited TJ to come train there.
So it fill in the blanks for people that don't know the story that aren't maybe
big time fans.
So yeah. So then he, he basically said that he wanted to, that he wanted to,
uh, he, he was doing his camps there for about a year and a half.
He'd spend a little time there a little time here. Uh,
most of the time are he lived in Sacramento most time there we'd go work with
Dwayne. No problem with it. I cornered with Dwayne even after he left with, uh,
with, you know, guys and stuff like that, wasn't an issue.
So then I heard Dwayne actually texted me and was like,
Dwayne said something like, well, I mean,
there's a whole side of the Dwayne thing, which is hilarious.
That was him getting weird like a year after he left,
like acting like he was there.
He like tried to Sue me for a figment of his imagination of some money
that wasn't even there.
And like this whole thing he had like as one of the students write this thing.
So there is something where he said that I had like,
I can't even remember like something like,
I didn't give him a discretionary bonus that was supposed to be given or
something like that. And so there was like some,
some like intermingling is about that, whatever.
So Dwayne texts me and says, and I said, dude,
I never said I had to set the record straight on Dwayne.
And Dwayne texts me and says, Hey,
I'm not the one trying to steal your team in your fighters.
I know there's a team out here in Denver being built,
but I'm not a part of that. And I was like, are you talking about,
and then I had talked to an, uh, and someone else that said that, Hey,
I heard that Matt brown and TJ Dillashaw are getting paid
to be on this team. And so I come in and I was like, Hey, I,
we were talking about some team things in TGS and practice. I go, I go,
I got the weirdest thing. Dwayne texted me this and this other guy said this.
I said, are you going to like, are you getting like paid to go be,
start a new team or something?
And it was T Cody was there and Lance was there and all was there.
And TJ like lies straight to us about, about the whole thing. He's like,
he's like, no, man, I know they offered me, but I'm not,
I'm not I'm with you guys. You know? Well team alpha male.
He was like this and that. And I was like, okay, whatever.
Then time goes on and we have an actual sit down and
talk. We go eat sometimes and everything. And TJ, Chad Mendez, uh, my buddy,
Phil, we all go and eat. And TJ just tells me like, Hey man,
uh, my next camp, I'm going to go out to Denver,
which he'd already been going out to Denver had been like a year and a half
since two and he'd be gone. It wasn't like he like gone or whatever.
And he's like, but muscle farm offered me like some,
some real good money to like be part of their team. He's like, so I'm basically,
I'm no longer going to be representing team alpha male. I like,
I'm going to do my camp out there and I'm going, gonna, you know,
for they're going to announce me. And we were talking about,
he told me at the time it was, I think 4,500 bucks a month, a month.
And they were going to rent them a house and I go and I was like, okay.
And Chad was sitting right there and he just sit there and go, I go, well,
shoot, man. It was nice having you on the team. And he's like,
why are you getting upset? I go, I'm not upset. I'm just saying like,
like you're off the team then. And he's like, well, yeah, but he's like, but I,
I have a house here. I'm still going to come back and like, come in and spar.
And when I'm in town in the off season or whatever, and I'm like,
where do you guys for real weird. And then I said, I said, well, I said,
so that, so he was no longer going to be on our team.
He's gonna be on a different team. And,
but then he wanted to come in at the time I'm ranked number three in the world,
Cody and him are going at it and practice it's anybody's given day, you know,
we can look at the footage if you guys have the footage. Yeah. But, uh,
and then holds were seven and oh, and, and had just won the ultimate fighter.
And so TJ is basically saying, is leaving the team. I go, bro, TJ. I said,
I said, you can, you know, you're welcome to stay on the team. But like,
if you're, if you're no longer on the team, like, you know, what,
what does that mean? And he's like, well, I mean, it's just a good opportunity,
man. Like I don't there. I don't have to pay, they pay me to train and,
and like, you know, it's,
they're starting a team and everything's going to be under one roof and I go,
all right, cool.
That's anybody ever done that? Where it worked? I never know.
They always try that black. Wow.
But, but here's the thing. So then after that it was like, he's like,
who's going to leave in two weeks.
And so me and T me and Cody are sitting in there and like, we'd,
hadn't said anything. I told Fabio art instructor, uh, or jujitsu instructor,
what was happening. And he told someone in Brazil as a Brazilian in Brazil,
leaked it out. That TD was changing camps. And there's all this drama and,
and this and that. And then, um, I said, look, TJ. So he,
he was coming in and TJ was never the best teammate.
He would like try to hurt people.
He's a very competitive guy and he has a temper and yeah,
like trying to hurt people, how she shot, she shot.
Him. She shot, we always, we always.
Use it. And the bell boxing, he Nia, because I know.
He's like, I just need him to the bottom. Like, yeah. We're blocked.
You mean easy to the body of the box. Did she ask you?
There's no secret about TJ. I mean,
we talked about it when he was still on the team also that he had to be like
reeled in a little bit. Right. He's just,
he's just got a temporary that's when you call them kill Shaw. Yeah. Kyla, Shaw,
Dilla, shank, like all that kind of stuff. I mean, it was,
it w that was his thing, you know, just super competitive,
aggressive guy and cheap shots.
Yeah. Yeah. The super competitiveness, like I'm competitive.
I don't want to lose someone takes me, you know,
I'm fighting tooth and nail not to get taken down or get that extra when that
round it, just at the end of the bell knees, you know what I mean?
That's why Chris is out. You know what I mean?
Need them in the back of the head. I mean, Chris Holdsworth, that's where the,
I.
Don't want to Chris doesn't want us really talking.
About that. [inaudible] we're talking about cheap shot and that's what was that?
I mean, he doesn't care if we talk about it. I mean,
I guess that's what happened. How did it go? I'm not to say it. I don't know.
[inaudible] I remember distinctively, Dwayne used to come up to the crisp, like,
Hey, like grasshopper. He's like, we have a, you know,
TJ his fight and he'd take it easy. Can you take it easy?
I'm a criticism killer as a killer, him up everybody. I mean, Chris is,
it was an animal and I guess Chris choked him out and TJ got out and,
even in the back of the head, when he's down in the man, who's down on the mat.
Grappling match, sparring.
Needs to the back of the head. That's what, wow.
Chris admitted. I mean, just dirty. I've been a couple of times, Chris.
Let them up, let us, let them submit to them, let them off.
And then TJ need them in the back of that. I don't know if that's.
Exactly how it was. I, I remember seeing the whole thing.
I don't really want to get into this cause it's Chris's gig, man. Yeah,
that's fine. But we've already gotten in there. He got into.
It, but yeah. So bought TJ being a cheap shot.
That's what literally killed Chris's career. Yeah. Well obviously.
Concussions. Yeah. We grew up good friends with Chris.
Together. They lived together.
He went through it.
That's why his last fight was he had to fight with concussion because he,
you know, he was scheduled to fight just like that. And you know, we've all,
you know, as one of the things that when I first came out there,
I was never really close with TJ. I was out there.
I was doing well with the guys. And a couple of the guys told me like, man, TJ,
can't wait to spar you. This is when he was coming off. His Raphael,
since cell loss, I was like, cool. Like I'm.
I can't wait to spar with him either. He's better. You know,
it's going to be a good round, you know? And I was pretty warned like, Hey,
TJ does some cheap. Just, you know, keep it going. And, and I there's video.
I think I have some, uh,
one of the kids that was at a boxing and he sent it to me months ago,
TD like cheap shot me after the bell. I was like, remember to tell TJ, I said,
look, you're cheap. Shot me again. We're taking the gloves off.
We're going in the street and fighting. Yeah. Thought of that.
I just don't ever like that. Especially teammates. You don't do that. Like, Hey,
you, you, you, you get me, you get me.
But don't cheap shot at me at the end of the bell.
And then as soon as you're hitting someone off the chief, you're like, oh dude,
I'm sorry. Like, you know, so.
Anyway, so anyways, that being said, we knew that was part of TJ, its thing,
but now he's no longer part of our team.
And he is also getting paid to go somewhere else.
He's no longer contributing in any way.
And he wants to come in and come in and spar our guys. And like,
like he basically want to be on our team,
a benefit of our team without being a part of the team anymore and getting paid
to be somewhere else,
which I would have been finding that he talked to me about like, Hey,
I want to work something out where I go get paid and do this, whatever.
But then I'm like, okay, so that whole week he's in there.
And he's sitting there watching me and Cody in practice. And he,
I don't care. I mean, TJ is a competitive,
he's always looking for edge the whole week prior to telling us that he was
leaving. He kept getting like, Hey, there's a getting some proprietary series.
And this series, there's a single, a guard series I used to get them with.
And he's like,
have me and Martin Canton show him all this stuff we were working on. Oh, Hey,
can you show me this? And told me that like the week before and then,
so I was like, I go, TJ, look, man, this is getting awkward in practice. I said,
look, we can, I had him over at my house. I said, look,
we can build a friendship. However we want to do it. I said,
but this is getting awkward.
And like you being in practicing no longer being on the team and everything
else, like, you know, let's finish out this, this last couple of days. And then,
you know, you be on your team. We can be friends on, on the outside.
We can work on that as a, as a deal, whatever. And he's like, like you,
he wanted to come in and train with our team still, you know, as,
not as not part of the team. Right. And then I was like,
but you're welcome to stay on our team. Obviously,
if you want and continue to do your camps and whatnot. And he is just like,
like out. So that at that point it became him taking this opportunity,
going to Denver, being with Dwayne, getting paid, to do the muscle farm thing.
And then the whole thing with Connor happened on the TV show before this,
before any of this happened, Conor McGregor started calling, uh,
call him a snake, a snake because me and Connor had one conversation.
We're sitting there and he goes, he goes, man,
congratulations on TJ defending his belt. Cause he was still on our team,
his last title defense. And I go, thanks. He goes,
but what's up with Dwayne saying that no one on your team wants to be champions.
That's weird. I said, oh, he's just bitter because you know,
he's trying to get everyone to go out to his camp, but you know,
he's just being a hater, this and that. And he goes, he took that little bit of,
of, of drama between me and Dwayne.
Like Dwayne saying that no one on our team wanted to be your champions,
including Cody who sent him a text, a tweet that said, Hey,
keep my name out of your mouth.
And you're like a jealous girlfriend or whatever. And he said,
he took that one little thing. And the next time he saw TG goes, oh,
there's a snake in the grass and just built it in this big thing. So that's,
it's.
Crazy that how well he is so good at seeing that kind of. Yeah.
Took like what really happened, which is TJ got paid to go somewhere else.
Me saying, all right, fine. If you're going to do that, it's cool. But like,
you know, if you're on that team, you're on that team. And then,
then Connor turned the public around on him. Yeah.
Because it came out later after the thing.
And so then TG became the victim and then he, and now TJ is news stories that I,
I,
I got mad that he was training with Duane Ludwig and I kicked him off the team.
Well, you know, TJ now has a snake as his logo. I know.
Or he brought in snakes, you know what I mean? He just, he's at home with it.
You know, he's cool with it. So it's all good where.
We want it back a little bit. Like if you want.
To be friends, let's be friends, but don't, don't don't lie.
Went back to it. I remember going to Canada, the,
it was during the ultimate fighter sticking up for, for TJ,
because TJ wasn't saying that the car was basically, you know,
like inviting them to fight and, and teachers like, yeah. You know,
like nonchalant, like whatever about it, but it wasn't defending himself.
Like I'm not a snake. Someone calling me a stake in the grass and say,
I was like this loyal to my teammates and we're fighting.
And that's why I stick up for TJ because TJ is literally, I'm like,
we're partying in Vegas. We're having a good time.
Like for the first time had kind of a heart to heart with him, with TJ. Yeah.
And he's like, so he's telling me this, like, he's like, dude,
I'm with you guys. Like I'm not leaving. that. Like I'm with you guys.
So I'm like, this is not, I am not, I'm not that close with TJ,
but he's a champion. He's, you know, you need a champion,
you get taken care of and people, you know, I'll defend him.
So Connor was doing that. He's like, what are you guys going to do?
And it was talking about TJ. So I was like, man, I'll do something bad.
Like you're asking for a fight, we'll fight and you know,
broke into the pushing match. And it wasn't going out to the outside.
Cause that's TJ saying that we were, that he was with us. I'm like, dude,
he's not going to talk about.
So how does it feel now knowing that you're going to defend against TJ with all
this weird drama, all this.
I don't ever get wrapped up into it. It might look like that with the show. And,
and th th this is my life's been like this.
I can live and prosper and focus on when it's time to focus and die.
It's like flipping a switch. Like I can be doing dumbest.
Like you're fighting Dominick, Cruz. We're in the back just doing dumb.
And I'm like, I'm not even warm it up. I'm just, I'm just flipping. The switch.
Always was like that since I was a little kid like wrestling football,
just when the lights shine. That's when I sh like, I, I shine the brightest.
I always feel like, and now with TJ, I don't respect him as a person,
but it doesn't mean I don't respect him as a fighter. The guy is skillful.
He's mean as. And he's going to bring a fight. That's going to be what I,
I love a challenge. Like with TJ, it's going to be a challenge.
I know him like the back of my hand, my coaches know him.
Like the back of my hand, we were able to dissect Dominick Cruz for me,
you know, through all their experiences.
This is a guy they build up that was there longer than I've been. You know,
I went out there at one and, oh, I had 10 fights now with the,
with the team alpha male 11, no 11 old world champion through there. You know,
obviously I was skilled before I got there.
We blended together that the recipe for success,
I listened to follow a lead with favor and a lot of other guys on the team.
And you, so we know TJ, I always want to do,
I know what I have to be prepared for. So I'm excited for it.
Like all those drama, Hey, whatever. Like it's been going on too long.
Like I'm just ready to focus on this fight and go in there and do what I have to
do to get this winning.
Again. Well, you have a good mindset. I mean,
think that is the gigantic part of what makes someone successful in this sport
is being able to do that. Like you said,
having the confidence that you're going to shine the brightest,
when the lights are on and having this mindset,
like you're appreciating the fact that TJ is mean and skillful is going to give
you a great challenge.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like, man, I'm sitting on the couch.
Something like you where you think TJ is doing, he's sitting on the couch.
So you're getting, I'm going to do the extra woodwork. Cause you know,
TJ is a workhorse like that. That's for me, makes me motivated.
I need these guys to keep me motivated. Like Dominic, you know,
he's I watched the embeddeds of him. He was running alone, you know,
like a sob story on Christmas. Like I just gotta do this. I like it.
I'm sitting there. You know, we're having a party or a party like, man,
I'm enjoy this. Like I'm about to fight for my first title. You know,
I'll never have this time again in my life.
I'll never fight for my first world title. Now it's a fight.
I'm finally getting to defend my title. Who cares a lot.
We were talking about this. A lot of people winning the title,
but what the do they do with it? Right know,
now it's about creating that legacy. And now I have TJ who's man. He's a bad.
He was ranked in the pound-for-pound before and the top 10, he's a killer.
So that's a,
I'm going to catapult my career with him and I know what I'm going to do to do
with him. You know, like I said, I've been with one another.
When I was green as hell, just boxing, wrestling, athletic, loved to fight.
Now I've blended and found my own style and just filing, um,
getting really composed in there where I can let my show with my skill show off
it. And it's, I'm finding higher people.
So like my skill level rides I've always was like.
That. Now this is video, supposedly of you knocking him out. Oh yeah.
Yup. Oh yeah. True. It's true. Yeah. How come you guys didn't release it?
Well, first off I don't stop my video. I have seen it. It's just,
it was on Justin's GoPro and do this. I literally that I felt bad.
Not bad for it because it was just wherever TJ came, followed me around the gym,
wherever, go put my gym bag away. Like I see like, Hey man, like I slipped dude.
I'm like, okay. Like literally, like he was off his rocker about I'm like
[inaudible] how did it go down? What happened? I never had them throw on a,
you know, doing his little foot work. And then he did the jump down.
He does the uppercut and I just threw overhand. Right. Boom. Nailed him out.
And he got up and he was literally fighting, uh,
Eastern right before the Eastern flex. I remember the date.
He didn't go out cold, like flat.
Out. He just got dropped and came back on stanky leg, like Walker.
And he's gonna come on, hit me. I'm like, just like, I'm like, like Paul,
my drive out. Like, you're saying that after you dropped him. Yeah. He's a nut.
I love.
It. So got it. It's easy as a night.
Knock out as much as it was. He just dropped him. Yeah. Yeah.
I dropped him too. I mean, he, he is. And.
Then he got back up and started saying, come on. So he was conscious. Right.
And he knew that he had, he was.
Staggering, bro. He looked like John Dotson had him on skates again. Let's see.
That's why I was like, oh, okay. And I was like, I'm not going to hit him.
You're fighting in two weeks. I wasn't like that.
But literally he had to say he fell forward and he slipped. I'm like, dude,
doesn't matter. Like I'm not going to stay anyone. You know?
And then I was showing Danny how I like the Casteel. Cause he likes over. Right.
Sorry. Like throw my head off the lane, bring the right hand. This and that.
And the buck was, comes over, sir. Dude, he goes, and it was on, it was um,
Christmas day or something.
Filming his own film was all inspiring. He's.
Like, watch you knock TJ out. And I was like, oh yeah. I was like,
oh you see, I have it on my GoPro. I'm like, oh that's cool.
And then nothing ever came about it.
And then TGO was saying that he used to make me cry in practice. No,
I have cried in practice for,
cause this jumped me on my head before the I made a fight.
I was like mad about it. Favorite comes in and has a camera crew,
the purest labs. And like, we're going hard. And like don't show on my head.
I'm like, I get mad. Like, you know, I'm like,
try not to get hurt before the fight. So like I've never cried.
Tina never made me cry. So I was like, please, you talking about making me cry?
Like, oh man, I cried. So.
When you get dumped into your head, did you get concussed or something or more.
Of like favorite things? I'm like, huh? He's out. He cried pride, pride, pride.
He's saying favorite comes in. Just come.
On. I don't know. Barely remember this. I think it was happening first off.
Here's the thing. Cody is a dangerous, dangerous.
If you're not on your, even if he's not trying to,
you get rocked or hurt or whatever. So I have to be on,
on a game with him, even if you're going light, you know,
unless he's going to go light,
but light doesn't work when the guy's accurate and strong and everything else.
So we had to go. So it was just like a, like a wizard hip heist.
Lots me do it. Watch me on my head because you you're coming after me.
He was like, so I know now there's a camera crew fall in favor.
It's not light. It's it's the fight.
[Inaudible].
So that's, that's where that came from about the video and like coming out,
like we have the video of you get knocked out, TJ, you didn't make it.
He was saying he made us beat us all up. Like with the Dominic sit down.
Dwayne was maybe saying that or something.
He said, Dominic's like, oh, you beat your teammates up. And he's like, yeah,
I actually, for a matter of fact, haven't beaten him up. I'm like.